[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is a video on the ACS GL 7:02
so this is their 17 inch thin and light
gaming laptop they have a brother to
this it's the ACS GL 5:02 I've done a
couple of videos on that but this is
their bigger one it still has a
relatively small footprint I mean
there's 15-inch laptops that have a
pretty similar size to this one it has
an aluminum top panel with orange
accents but it has polycarbonate almost
everywhere else and it's a 17 inch
laptop so it's bigger the screen and the
chassis have a little flex but overall
the build quality is solid the orange
accents I think they grow on you without
being too obnoxious but it's definitely
not for everyone
the interior is easy to access there's
two RAM slots upgrade the stock
configuration has 16 gigs of ram on one
6 so it's single channel drive speeds on
the one terabyte hard drive are pretty
average you can easily upgrade that or
you can add your own MT Drive over here
the drive that you see in the slot right
now is an upgrade from Asus it's a SATA
Drive so it's slow and I wouldn't
recommend getting this upgrade the port
selection is good it has Ethernet
display outputs including an HDMI 2.0
which is nice
it has Thunderbolt 3 combo audio jack
three USB 3s and an SD slot now the
Thunderbolt 3 port might not seem that
useful right now but in the future let's
say a couple years from now if you want
to upgrade the graphics card you could
do it using an external GPU the display
is a 1080p panel with g-sync running at
75 Hertz color accuracy is pretty good
and it's a bright screen with the matte
finish so you won't have any issues
using it in bright environments overall
it's a great looking screen for a gaming
the webcam up top is 720p it doesn't
look great but this is what it looks
like
[Music]
the keyboard the trackpad and the
speakers are all really solid the
trackpad in particular I like a lot its
plastic but it uses the native Windows
drivers and that's the key to a good
Windows trackpad keyboard has red
backlighting and thirty key roll over
speakers are decent they fire upwards
which is nice but they still lack bass
gaming performance is awesome the GTX 10
series cards are a huge jump in
performance from the previous generation
this uses the gtx 1060 so it handles
1080p gaming really easily even moderate
games like overwatch will break 100
frames per second on ultra now something
heavier like fallout 4 will get you
around 60 maybe 65 frames per second on
Ultra and with g-sync enabled this looks
and feels really smooth this game really
showcased how buttery g-sync panels can
look something really heavy like Ark
will run at 40 frames per second on epic
settings you can get it to 50 frames per
second but you need to drop the viewing
distance and the models to medium
everything else can stay on epic so this
g-sync panel runs at 75 Hertz and I
think that's a great match for the GTX
1060 with current generation games but
you do have the issue of not having
Optimus and that was the technology that
kind of saved battery life by switching
over to the integrated graphics chip it
doesn't have that and since this laptop
is a big and bright 17 inch screen it
goes through batteries really quickly
and I'm just hitting three hours of
battery life with normal use fan noise
is relatively quiet I found this to be
the case on the smaller GL phaser too as
well the downside to this is heat
production the keyboard area is still
comfortable to use and there's no CPU
throttling at least not anything really
aggressive but the machine runs hot it
has three fans and most laptops only
have two so the third fan is nice but I
think this third fan is not well
designed it uses these inserts to try to
make a seal for airflow but it doesn't
really do a good job and I feel like
it's recirculating a big portion of that
hot air now whether or not you should be
concerned about this heat really depends
on how you use your computer if you live
in a really hot country and you use your
computer Full Tilt all day long then
yeah I would look for a laptop that has
better thermal management but if you're
just a normal user and you play games
regularly you don't just use it all day
long I wouldn't be too worried about it
just don't let too much of dust
the fan and the grill okay the ACS GL
7:02 starts at $1,400 the exterior is a
mix of aluminum and plastic materials
with good build quality the screen is
reasonably color accurate and bright
with g-sync support the backlit keyboard
is comfortable to type on the trackpad
is surprisingly good it's running a
6,700 HQ and a GTX 1060 which push out
awesome performance but the system gets
quite hot despite having three fans the
16 gigs of ram and the drive bays are
all easily accessed and upgradable the
76 watt hour battery will last you
around three hours of regular use so if
you're looking for a 17-inch gaming
laptop that's thin and light and has a
Pascal based graphics chip there aren't
that many options out there this one is
a pretty good value at $1,400 it has
great performance has a g-sync panel but
keep in mind that it gets hot at the end
of this video hope you guys liked it
thumbs we did subs if you loved it it's
been nice and I'll see you guys next
time
[Music]